and now I had a request to show some of
the NYX blushes side-by-side and these
are tones that could work for contouring
now it depends on what your skin tone is
if any of these shades will actually
work for you I feel that these colors
would work for contouring because they
are shades of brown and they are matte
colors which always work best for
contouring and I started out with a
shade that I think looks best as a
contour and that would be taupe and this
is a cool toned Brown and I think that's
great for shading and contouring next to
that is a warm shade this is stone this
is kind of a orangie brown color
and the third shade is chocolate mousse
this is a very pale shade all of these
colors I applied to my hand obviously
much heavier than you would apply them
to your face so you could tell that this
color is very pale and kind of a neutral
shade kind of a neutral very pale brown
shade and next is cocoa which is a deep
cocoa shade of brown that's a little bit
of orange e next to that is cafe
I'm sorry nutmeg this is not made this
is cafe so nutmeg is a deeper pinkish
Brown but it is later than cocoa and the
next shade is cafe and this is a deep
brown color it's very similar to cocoa
but a little bit darker and the last
shade I was asked to swatch is red which
is kind of an orange like a natural
orange brown tone so that is red that's
what they call it I don't think it looks
like red
so I'll add some pictures and we'll see
how the colors look so thank you for the
request and have a great day
you